{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf340
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 Week One Q\'92s:
\b0 \
1. Scale of 1-5: I am at about a 3.5 this week. \
2. This was a lot more work than I was expecting. Balancing a family, full time job and what not made this homework difficult to complete. But I did enjoy every minute of it. As far as the subject matter, I will need to practice forms and tables a bit more.\
3. I already had a little bit of a background in HTML. I have zero knowledge of CSS, so this weeks work is completely new and may not come as easy at HTML. \
\

\b Week Two Q\'92s:\

\b0 1.On a scale of 1-5, I feel about a 4 this week. CSS was a lot easier than I thought.\
2. I did not have any problems completing this weeks tasks because I was prepared after last weeks workload. My biggest challenge from the work though is still creating and styling forms. \
\

\b Week Three Q\'92s:\

\b0 1. On a scale of 1-5, I feel at about a 1.5 this week. I understand the idea but the reading was not nearly enough or thorough. I also ran into a problem that I spent nearly 4 hours troubleshooting before I gave up and went a different route.\
2. it only took a minute to find out how to link a file. But it took a long time trying to get everything correct for the functions in javascript to work.\
\

\b Week Four Q\'92s:
\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 1. On a scale of 1 - 5 . I feel about a 2 or 3. It took a little bit to wrap my head around git but after the tutorial and playing around with my own file, I think I am comfortable. \
2. HTML FORMS! I don\'92t get it! Also, I would love to review some best practices for what we have learned so far. For example, is there an easier way to think about how you write your code line by line? My code looks so messy to me and I could probably spend all day fixing it and then deciding to fix it again. \
3. I felt pretty confident in HTML (other than forms) and CSS but as I progressed in my pre-work, some of it was lost. If I had to choose, I feel somewhat confident in CSS.}